Bump loaders for the latest cross-undici-fetch (#8023)
dotansimha/graphql-code-generator: .changeset/violet-socks-hear.md

---
'@graphql-codegen/cli': patch
---

> Bumps @graphql-tools/url-loader that has the latest cross-undici-fetch dependency to fix the bug happens when `undici@5.6.0` resolved an inner dependency and the user gets an error like `GET/HEAD requests cannot have 'body'`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bumps `@graphql-tools/url-loader` to the latest `cross-undici-fetch` version that has pinned `undici` to `~5.5.0` in order to fix a bug/breaking-change introduced with `undici@5.6.0` that causes a `GET/HEAD requests cannot have 'body'` error.
```
